# PP2vJoy
Feeder for vJoy which takes input from a parallel port connected joystick.

This project was started because vJoy does not have native support for parallel port devices and the PPJoy project does not have a signed device driver so it cannot be used in 64 bit Windows 7 or higher OSes.  The vJoy project provides a signed driver which works for Windows 7 and creates virtual joysticks.  It can be found here: http://vjoystick.sourceforge.net/site/.
I discovered a free signed parallel port driver which does support 64 bit Windows 7.  It can be found here: http://highrez.co.uk/downloads/inpout32/default.htm.  This library cannot function by itself as a feeder for vJoy so I wrote a simple bit of glue code to connect this parallel port interface library to the vJoy device.
My original intent was to create something which would allow connecting simple "atari 2600" style joysticks (i.e. four directions and one fire button) to a parallel port interface and being able to use the joystick with emulators for platforms which use those types of joysticks.  The Amiga emulator I use alreeady natively supports a parallel port connected atari style joystick but the C64 emulator I used does not.  Since the C64 emulator does recognize vJoy devices this project seemed like the easiest way to get what I was after.
I tried to write this feeder in such a way that it could be improved/expanded with not too much difficulty.  The only functionality currently implemented is the ability to handle simple atari style joysticks.  I have also coded handling of a third axis (Z) but I don't own any joysticks with a third axis so I am unable to test that functionality.  The atari joystick support has been successfully tested and seems to function just fine.
Beyond the executable produced by this project and its PP2vJoyFeederConfig.xml file you will need the inpout32.dll and inpoutx64.dll files from highrez and you will need the vJoyInterface.dll and vJoyInterfaceWrap.dll files from the vJoy project.
I am putting this project on github in case someone else has a need for a joystick interface for parallel port devices.
